[THEME MUSIC]
>>Hello.
I'm Michael Tellinger, and our
journey of discovery continues.
In this episode, we get to
really my favorite part.
And this is what, I
suppose, my life's work
has come to this point, and
to the crossroads of realizing
that we, as the human
race, can do something
about the misery, the
unhappiness, and the state
of our planet that
we find ourselves in.
It's up to us.
We realize that we are truly
the ones we've been waiting for.
And it's what we do with the
knowledge and information
that we've gained from the
ancient civilizations, all
the horrible news, the
disturbing, the dark stuff,
taking that and turning
it into positive energy,
turning it into a solution
for all our problems,
a solution to release us
from the state of depression
and the state of
control, and we find
this in this very liberating
ancient philosophy
that the Africans call Ubuntu.
Now this is not
unique to Africa.
All ancient civilizations
around the world,
all the ancient people
the Native Americans, the
original people of Australia,
the people of Asia, we all had
a similar philosophy to Ubuntu.
And basically what it comes down
to is, unity within community.
We're going to use this
ancient knowledge and wisdom
to find a way forward, and
you will realize how simple
and how liberating this is.
I've been doing these
workshops around the world
now for a number
of years, and what
I find is at the
end of the session,
it is almost like doing
a group therapy session.
I never intended to
do group therapy.
This is the last
thing on my mind.
I'm just sharing
knowledge and information,
hoping that people extract the
good news, the positive news,
discard the dark and
the disturbing stuff,
and only take out the
good and the positive,
and just use that for
the benefit of humanity.
But what I've been
finding is that at the end
of these sessions, it
actually does end up
being like a transformational
process where people truly
feel liberated, and they realize
that we have the answers.
We have solutions
for all our problems,
no matter how dark and deep
you think the problems may be,
we find the solutions.
And the best part
of this whole thing
is that I'm not the
one that's going
to give you the solutions.
Each and every one of
you will find and come up
with the same solutions that
all of us find collectively.
This is the most
incredible thing.
All of us, every
single person I've
encountered over the
last 10 years or 11 years
since I've been talking
about this world
without money, Ubuntu,
and contributionism.
I find that the more
we talk about it,
the more we look
at the problems,
the more we solve the problems,
the stronger the system
and the philosophy becomes.
And the more people tap into
this philosophy, the more
problems and solutions we
find and we throw at it.
And the more we solve, the
more people take out of it.
It is really like
a self correcting
system that grows
stronger and stronger,
and gives people more
and more reason, and more
and more energy, to
take out for themselves
and feel more and
more liberated.
It is truly a wonderful
journey of discovery,
a wonderful journey of self
empowerment, so let's start.
What are we going to talk
about in the next few episodes?
Much of this information is
being written in the "Ubuntu
Contributionism" book.
It's, I call it a blueprint
for human prosperity,
but this is a living philosophy.
This is just the foundation
for ancient knowledge.
The Cherokee people, for
example, have a philosophy,
and that says, if it's
not good for everyone,
it's no good at all.
And it's actually
the same philosophy
that we've incorporated
into the Ubuntu philosophy,
creating a bridge between
African and American
philosophies, of
ancient civilizations.
And this is really echoed very
well throughout the world,
and people all over the world
have embraced this philosophy
way beyond my
wildest expectations.
So we are on an 11 year
journey that has brought us
to this point in time.
What do we do with this
knowledge and information?
So if you have time, get
the copy of "Ubuntu" book.
Read as much as you
can, because that'll
give you the foundation
and the platform
to be able to share
this knowledge
and information with the people
around you, without feeling
that you don't quite have
this or don't quite have that.
But, even if you don't
get a copy of the book
and you just watch
these few episodes,
this will give you the
foundation that you need,
to give you the confidence.
Some people think
that just by reading
a few articles and a few
papers on the internet,
they figured it all out
and they know how it works.
Well, that's not how it works.
This is a much bigger story
than just a few articles.
You really have to
internalize this.
You have to feel
completely comfortable
with every aspect
of this philosophy
to be able to convey it.
Otherwise what happens is, you
start talking to your friends
about this, and it's very easy
for people to run you down.
I know, because of my
own personal experience.
I can tell you, in
2005, when I first
started promoting the idea
and the concept of a world
without money-- because
ultimately, this
is what it's all about, and
we're going to talk about that
in great, great detail.
When I start promoting
a philosophy of a world
without money, you can
imagine the kind of ridicule
that I underwent.
And it just makes you stronger.
And I don't necessarily want
everyone to go through this,
so I'd like you to learn
from my experience,
and learn from the experience
of thousands of people that,
over an 11 year period,
have contributed
towards this growing body of
knowledge and information,
creating a very solid foundation
for a simple philosophy
of ancient civilizations.
What I realized was, in
2005 while I was writing
"Slave Species of
god", that-- and this
is really what
happens when you look
into studying origins of
humankind, ancient cultures
and civilizations.
The one thing that
I came across,
was that money didn't
exist in ancient times,
that people lived and existed
without money for much
longer than we've lived
and existed with money.
And that started me
on a path of thinking,
well, how would things
work without money?
How did people live and survive?
How did people buy
stuff without money?
And you know what I found?
The more you think about it, the
more you explore and challenge
yourself on how would this
work and how would that work,
the solutions that
you come up with
are so amazing and so
simple and so eloquent,
that it truly blows your mind.
And I realized that
a world without money
is far simpler,
far more elegant,
and far more
sustainable, and far more
abundant than the world we
find ourselves in today.
And that kind of
process, brought me
to this point in time where,
11 years down the road,
we have a cohesive structure,
a cohesive philosophy.
But as I said, it's a growing--
it's a living philosophy.
So what else are
we going to discuss
in the next few episodes?
We're going to talk about, what
is Ubuntu, its origins, where
I've already given you
some indications and ideas
of the origins of Ubuntu.
This concept of contributionism.
What is that word?
Where does it come from?
We're going to talk about
the origins of money
and the misconception
about money.
Very few people really know what
money is, where it comes from,
how it arrived in
our society, why
it has become so inextricably
connected and woven
into every aspect of our lives.
Every crack and crevice of our
lives is controlled by money.
How did this become like that?
How do we get to that point?
We're going to talk
about central banks.
What are central banks, how
did they come into being,
and the global control of those
who control the central banks.
We're going to talk about
the Ubuntu plan of action,
because ultimately that's
what this knowledge
and information leads to.
Do we have a plan of action?
Yes, we have.
It's a simple and a
clear plan of action
that so many people
get so excited about.
That's why the Ubuntu movement
is growing exponentially
all over the world.
And at this stage,
on the last count
it looks like we have
supporters and members
in more than 200
countries of the world.
We're going to talk about
community and political aspects
of the Ubuntu
movement, and why it's
important to approach it both
from a community development
and a political approach.
Some people feel a
little bit uncomfortable
with a political aspect, but
it's very important for us
to deal with this.
Otherwise, we're going to
continue tripping ourselves up
about this thing
called politics.
We're going to talk about free
electricity, and the liberation
of our scientists to
allow them to create
and invent and deliver new
sources of energy, which
are called free
electricity, and how
we can use this free electricity
as a tool of unification,
which until now, has been used
as a tool of control, division,
and separation.
Remember, we are a
deeply divided species.
We are divided on so many
levels that we can't even
begin to quantify it.
And this is, again, when
you look at our planet,
when you look at
these beautiful images
from space of what the
Earth looks like, it's
like this beautiful, unified
organism, this living,
conscious organism that is
there, that provides the energy
and the consciousness for
everything to exist on it
and in it.
And around it.
And the closer we
get to it, the more
we realize how deeply
divided we are.
We're divided on so many levels.
We're divided by country,
by religion, by language,
by borders, by the
city's we live in,
by what schools we
go to, by what car
we drive, what credit card
we have, what job we do.
We're divided by
the brands we wear,
and we look down
upon people that
wear lesser brands because
television has told us
that this is a more
important brand or a slicker
brand than that.
It's insane.
The division in
humanity is imaginable.
So, we're going to
bridge this division,
and we're going to lay a
platform of unification.
And it starts, in my opinion,
and the plan and the philosophy
of the Ubuntu
movement, it starts
by breaking down some of the
most powerful areas of control
that have been
imposed on humanity,
and electricity is
one of those areas.
Between electricity and
pharmaceutics and media,
those three areas
is where humanity
is being controlled most
efficiently and effectively.
So, we're going to look
at how to use electricity
as a tool of unification.
We're going to look at the
community projects that
are the drivers of the
transitional phases,
getting us from
where we are today
into a world of utopia,
the Utopian world
that we all want to live in, the
paradise that we can imagine,
the beautiful planet
that most of us
have imagined at some
stage of our lives.
And this is all
good news, people.
I want you to remember
that we have the solutions.
Every now and then we
click back into, oh, this
sounds very wonderful
and very Utopian.
But I'm telling
you, I'm giving you
the structure and the platform
that this is all possible,
and we can do it.
We are the ones we've
been waiting for.
If we don't do it, no one
else is going to do it for us.
We're going to continue
with education,
and how education has been
used as a tool of control
against us, creating a platform
for a future working labor
force, not for sharing
knowledge and information
or giving children and ourselves
important skills for life
that'll benefit
us in the future.
We're going to look at education
and how that can play, and will
play, a critical part in the
transitioning process of taking
us from this enslavement
system into the place of unity
and abundance.
And we're going to talk
about tribal leaders,
because many parts
of the world still
have traditional
and original people,
with their own tribal leaders,
living in these areas.
And what a beautiful,
fertile place that is for us
to initiate some of this Ubuntu
and contributionism philosophy.
And we're going to talk
about other industry.
How will the world without
money affect industries
like mining and manufacturing,
technology, farming.
We're going to talk
about Ubuntu warehouses,
and we're going to even talk
about an alternative currency,
and how we can very quickly,
without even realizing this,
by the abundance that we create,
create alternative currencies.
And we're going to
finish this segment,
these next few episodes,
with the answers
to all the questions
and all the problems.
Because over the
last 11 years, I
think you can imagine that I've
had thousands and thousands
of questions and
doubts, and people
wondering, how's this going to
work, how's that going to work.
I don't have to have an answer
to every problem that crops up.
What we do is, we collectively
come up with the answers.
All we have to do is to have
the cornerstones in place,
and have the philosophy and
the plan of action in place.
And once that is
there as a foundation
to sprout this new
philosophy into being,
the answers present themselves.
And each and every one
of you, by the time
we've finished
here in the series,
will have all the
answers, and will
be able to answer
all the questions.
Because hopefully, if I get
this message across to you
as successfully as
I hope I'm going to,
you will really be able to
internalize this philosophy
and be able to find
the answers, know
where to look for the answers.
And you, yourselves,
will be able to come up
with all the answers
to so many problems
that, right now, we
think are insurmountable.
So, let's get started, and start
with the question, once again,
let's revisit what is Ubuntu.
Where does it come from?
So, it's a simple, ancient,
African philosophy.
A philosophy of
unity consciousness.
A philosophy where
everybody in community
contributes their
skills and talents
for the benefit of everyone
in their community.
It goes against everything
we've been taught, today.
It is unity within community.
One of the most commonly used
definitions for the word Ubuntu
is, I am who I am,
because of who we all are.
All ancient cultures
around the world
have their own
version of Ubuntu.
But because I'm
from South Africa,
and because many people believe
that the humanity was created
and arose out of Africa, and
specifically Southern Africa,
and the Sumerian texts
and our discoveries
there regarding the
Annunaki and the activities
of the so-called gods gives us
a very clear indication this
may indeed be the
case, we're going
to stick with his
word called Ubuntu.
So remember, it's not
Un-buntu, it is Ubuntu.
Once you get the
pronunciation right,
you see how that
resonance actually
helps you to connect with
the word, and the origins
of the philosophy
behind the word.
As I mentioned before,
all ancient cultures
have their own version of this.
The Cherokee people of America
have their own expression
that says, if it's not good for
everyone, it's no good at all.
And we actually combined that
together with Ubuntu philosophy
to create a more cohesive,
unified version of this.
What is contributionism?
Well, when I was first
looking at a world
without money, how will this
crazy world work without money,
I realized that we can't go back
to Ubuntu, to ancient cultures,
ancient civilizations.
We can't go back living in
those kind of communities.
We live in the world we
find ourselves in today.
We can't escape that.
Tomorrow morning when I wake
up, I'm still in my house.
I'm still in the suburb
or the town or the city
that I live in.
So, how do we apply
this ancient philosophy
to the modern
world, and the world
we find ourselves in today?
And that's where this word
contributionism comes from,
where we contribute natural
born talents or acquired
skills for the
greatest benefit of all
the people in our communities.
And that's what the word
contributionism means.
It is not fascism.
It is not capitalism.
It is not communism or
socialism or any other ism.
It is a whole new ism that
we've never had before.
Contributionism.
We don't need money.
We don't need barter.
We don't need any formal
value attached to anything.
And we'll start breaking
this construct down,
this matrix that has
been imposed on us where
money drives everything.
We're going to break
right through that,
and realize that
contributionism is really
the only way out of the system.
So, while we're
speaking about the dos
and the don'ts,
let's break down,
before we even go into this,
what are the fundamental
building blocks of
contributionism?
What I call the five point
mantra, and it's very simple.
It breaks away completely from
everything we've been taught,
everything that's been imposed
on us in our current society
and current social structure.
What we're doing
here, people, is we
are creating a whole
new social structure.
Because clearly, the
structure that we've
had for the last 6,000 or 12,000
years, clearly hasn't worked.
And it becomes very obvious
that the social structure
we find ourselves in, has been
maliciously and consciously
imposed on us to turn us
into a species with amnesia,
to turn us into good
slaves that march
to the rhythm of the drum
of the slave masters.
And everything that we've
been told to be true,
has turned out to be
lies and deceptions.
So, we need to turn that around
180 degrees, and part of that,
is to break down the thousands
and hundreds of years
of brainwashing
and indoctrination,
which is not easy,
because all of us
are born into this
capitalist world.
All of us grow up with money.
We grow into the system that
we find ourselves in, where
things work the way they work.
We have to have money.
We have to get a job.
Have to go to school.
We go through this process.
It's like everything is
planned and laid out for us.
So, let's start out
right now, dealing
with a whole new way,
where we turn everything
around 180 degrees.
And this system, these
five point mantra
of contributionism,
is very simple.
No money.
No barter.
No trade.
And this is critical, people.
Don't think that we're
going to replace money
with barter and trade.
And many people,
this is where they
make the mistake, once again.
They discover Ubuntu
and contributionism,
and they go, yeah,
yeah, we're going
to get into barter
and trade again.
No.
That's just another
slavery system.
Anyone who has more to
barter or more to trade
will ultimately rule the roost.
And that's how it works.
This is why we have to
move away completely
from any form of exchange,
any form of barter or trade,
and it starts to make sense
as we go through this process.
No value attached to anything.
Value is just a construct of
money or bartering or trading.
Well, if I give you
10 eggs, what are you
going to give me in return?
What you're giving me
doesn't have the same value
as what I gave you.
You see where the thing of
value becomes a problem.
It is something that
keeps tripping us up,
and we need to get beyond it.
We've got to get past this,
and this is the critical point.
Contributionism is a
system that we get rid
of all those negative aspects,
and we bring in an aspect
where everybody contributes
their natural born
talents or their acquired
skills for the greatest benefit
of everyone in the community.
What contributionism is, is
not a one to one exchange.
We're not creating
communities of sustainability
or self-sustained communities.
We are creating
communities of abundance.
How do we do that?
By making everything available
to everyone all the time.
Everything I do is available
to everyone at any time,
because we're doing
this together.
We're all contributing
our skills
into the pool to be
shared and enjoyed
by everyone,
contributing our skills
and talents for the benefit
of everyone in our community.
Very simple structure.
It's a one to many
exchange, not a one to one.
So please remember,
if anybody tells you--
when you start talking
to people about this,
somebody says, yeah,
yeah, yeah, let's get back
to self-sustained communities.
We need to create a
self-sustaining community.
No.
And once again,
this is a conclusion
that people jump to quite often.
We're not building
communities of sustainability.
Just the word,
self-sustaining community,
is like we're hanging
on for dear life.
We're just sustaining ourselves.
We don't want that.
We want to live in abundance.
Remember, we live on
a planet of abundance.
We don't live on a
planet of scarcity.
We live on a planet
of infinite abundance.
One apple tree doesn't
grow another apple tree.
One apple tree grows
thousands of apple trees.
And as we expand on this
philosophy of contributionism,
you realize how simple it is to
move from a planet of scarcity
where we've been
enslaved and denied
pretty much everything
we want to gain and want
to attain and want
to do in our lives.
We've been deprived
of everything,
all our creative needs
and creative desires
that we want to do, and we can
replace that with abundance
on every possible level.
So, I'd like to remind
you that everything we've
been told and taught is a lie.
And hopefully by now, if you've
watched the rest of the series,
you realize that this
is actually the case,
that somehow Big
Brother, all those that
have been manipulating and
controlling this planet
and controlling the human
race and our slow manipulation
into what we've become
today, have drip fed
us little snippets of truth.
Like, what they do is, they
attach a little bit of truth
to a big, fat lie.
And, like, they'd say,
well, it's raining today.
Everyone can see it's
raining, but that
is attached to a big fat lie.
They'll tell you, oh, you
look pretty, or whatever.
So they use little
bits of truths
attached to a big, fat lie.
And over a compounded,
extended period of time,
the lies and the
truths are so mixed up
that you can't discern the
truth from the lies anymore.
And this is the period
and the situation
we find ourselves in right now.
We have no idea what is true,
and what is a lie anymore.
So we have to start
from a clean slate,
as we did with examining
the ancient civilizations,
discovering that they
didn't have money,
and that money was introduced
as a tool of enslavement
at a specific point in time.
Everything we've
been told is a lie,
and especially in the field
of science and technology,
and the laws of nature.
We know, by now, that
we have in us the power
to be co-creators, co-creators
of our own reality,
of our future.
And once again, I'd
like to remind you,
we are the ones we've
been waiting for.
We are in the new age.
We've crossed the
galactic plane.
We are in what the
ancient cultures told us
the new age will be.
We're the first wave
of this new age,
so let's act like
the first wave,
and do something about this.
There are many people
around the world
that now resonate with
a simple philosophy
and the simple message.
This philosophy is insatiable.
Once it gets you, once it
resonates in your heart,
you can't shut up.
All you want to do is go
out there and run and tell
everybody about it.
And I trust the same will
happen to you, so make sure
you prepare yourself with
enough knowledge and information
so that you can share
this philosophy eloquently
and successfully.
And don't feel
dejected or negated
if people try and
stop you, because it's
very easy for people to
break you down and break down
your spirit,
because we've become
negative creatures
because of the system
we find ourselves in.
Many of us are very
negative, and it's
a lot easier to break somebody
down than to support somebody.
Most of us are
actually more worried
about what our friends and
neighbors and extended circle
of acquaintances will think of
us, than the actual philosophy
and the truth that we share.
We are influenced by the
belief system of others.
Don't do that.
Internalize the philosophy.
Be strong in your
convictions, and go out there
and share this
philosophy when it starts
to resonate in your heart.
We know from quantum
physics, which
is more than 100
years old already,
which, incidentally, we don't
teach at school at all, that we
are the makers and the
creators of our own reality.
So, this is why we
can stop bullets.
We should be able to create and
prepare our own future the way
we see it, a Utopian future.
Utopia is not a bad word.
Quite often, I come across
people and they say,
oh, this is just a Utopian idea.
I say, yeah, it is.
Utopia is a good word.
I like utopia.
I don't like misery.
I don't like slavery.
I don't like any of the stuff
that I've been forced into.
I don't like exploitation.
I don't like scarcity.
I want to live in
a Utopian world
where everything is
possible, everything
is available, where
anything I want to do
is possible and available to
me whenever I want to do that.
And this is the kind
of future that we
can create for ourselves.
What we're going
to move into is how
the system and the
world around us
has been developed for us, to
control us, and yet also feed
us with knowledge and
information that gives us
subliminal and subconscious
knowledge to help us
into the future, and there's no
better example than Hollywood.
Just the fact that Hollywood
makes these amazing movies
that, many of you
will be aware of,
are encoded with very advanced
knowledge and information.
By now, you should know that
the wood of a holly tree
was used by wizards and
witches to cast spells, right?
So the whole thing
about Hollywood,
and the fact that Hollywood
makes blockbuster movies--
where does that word,
blockbuster, come from?
Who came up with this
word blockbuster?
Is that something
you'd call to express
a wonderful movie that
everybody loves and everybody is
raving about?
Is it possibly
called a blockbuster
because it busts the block
of our unconsciousness?
I suspect that something around
there is closer to the truth.
And once we start exploring
the Hollywood blockbusters,
we realize how
deeply encoded they
are with all this knowledge, and
almost a guideline to show us
what we should be
doing as humanity.
At the same time, it's encoded
with the blood, guts and gore,
and misery and the
horrible stuff,
the same way that the Bible
is encoded with a soap opera
storylines, and then the
deeply advanced knowledge
and information of scientific
and esoteric knowledge
and spiritual knowledge
and information,
encoded beneath that soap opera
that we read in the Bible.
The same thing, we find,
in the so-called Hollywood
blockbusters.
So, let's finish this
episode here, and move on
to some of the very important
encoded messages that fill us
with advance knowledge
and information
in some of the best known
movies that came out
a Hollywood over
the last 100 years.
I'm Michael Tellinger,
and thanks for watching.